xin26x
=======
- xin26x is a real time video encoder library, it supports vvc. The bitstream generated by xin26x is compatible with vtm 10: https://vcgit.hhi.fraunhofer.de/jvet/VVCSoftware_VTM/-/releases/VTM-10.0

Encoder Usage
----------
xin26x_test.exe -i input.yuv -w 1280 -h 720 -f 30 -a 2 -p 1 -r 1 -b 2000000 -o test.bin   
xin26x_test.exe -i input.yuv -w 1280 -h 720 -f 30 -a 2 -p 1 -r 0 -q 32 -o test.bin

Building Project
----------
- Our Windows build use CMake and Visual Studio. The workable version is CMake3.5 or above and Visual Studio 2013.
- Run make-solutions.bat under build folder, building projects will be generated under this folder. 
- In addition, we put a pre-built win64 exe under folder testbin, you can run it on win64 without build.

Basic Parameters
----------
-i/--input <filename>    
which specifies input YUV file name. Currently we accept YUV 420 video format.

-a/--algmode <integer>    
which specifies algorithm mode. 0: H265 1: AV1 2: H266

-w/--width <integer>    
which specifies input YUV luma width.

-h/--height <integer>    
which specifies input YUV luma height.

-f/--framerate <float>    
which specifies the frame rate of the input video.

-t/--temporallayer <integer>    
which specifies temporal layer number. It works under all P frame sequence.

-p/--preset <integer>    
which specifies the encoding preset, trading off compression efficiency against encoding speed. 0: veryfast, 1: fast, 2: medium, 3: slow 4: veryslow.

-o/--output <filename>    
which specifies output bitstream file name. The output file accord with HEVC annex B specification.

-R/--recon <filename>    
which specifies reconstruction YUV file name. It is not a must input parameter.

-r/--ratecontrol <integer>    
which specifies rate control mode. 0: rate control is off (fixed qp), 1: cbr.

-b/--bitrate <integer>    
which specifies target bitrate. It works under rate control is on.

-q/--qp <integer>    
which specifies quantization paramter. It works under rate control is off.

-n/--framenumber <integer>    
which specifies how many frames to be encoded.

-B/--bframes <integer>    
which specifies how many B frames in a gop. Currently, we support 1, 3 and 7.

-W/--wpp <integer>    
which specifies whether wavefront parallel processing is enabled. 0: disable 1: enable.

-P/--fpp <integer>    
which specifies whether frame parallel processing is enabled. 0: disable 1: enable.

-T/--thread <integer>    
which specifies thread number in thread pool. It is decided by local system if this number is 0.

--refframes <integer>    
which specifies how many frames is used for reference.

--signbithide <integer>    
which specifies whether sign bit hidden coding tool is used in encoder. 0: off 1: on.

-d/--rdoq <integer>    
which specifies whether rate distortion optimization quantization is enabled. 0: disable 1: enable.

Api Usage
-----------------
Please refer to xin_app_enc.c.

Processor Support
-----------------
- Intel x86 optionally with AVX2

Known Issues
------------
- Some of subrouines only have AVX2 optimization version, so please run on AVX2 computer to have best performance.
- Max resolution we support is 3860x2160.
- Max temporal layer we support is 3.

The speed and compression efficiency of VVC encoder will increase dramatically in following months. Any question, please contact pig.peppa@qq.com
